README.md, before:

## Autumn Rivers
Hello! My name is Autumn Rivers, and I am a hobbyist programmer. Though I do wish to get into professional programming, I unfortunately don't see that happening soon.
But nevermind that, let's learn more about me!

I'm the founder (and sole member, so far) of [Diamond Grid](https://github.com/diamondgrid), and I prefer making my projects open-source when I can. So I use GitHub quite a bit.

My pronouns are She/Her, They/Them, and any neopronouns.

I also go by Nati!

## Current Projects
- ⚡ **Spark**: Real-time jukebox so you can listen to music with other people. 100% free and open-source!
- 🪙 **Heirloom**: GUI for Legendary, built upon Electron
- 🥧 **Toontown.Godot**: A port of Toontown Online to the Godot Engine. Looking for help with this!
- 🎶 **Synthestesia**: RPG-based puzzle game centered around themes of neurodivergency

## Contact
- 🐦 [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/NatiRivers)
- 💬 Discord: Ohana#5434
- 📧 [Business E-mail](mailto:natirivers@protonmail.ch)

<!--
**AutumnRivers/AutumnRivers** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Remove mention of Toontown.Godot
Abandoning TT.G in favor of Virtual VP, especially since a Toontown server is already coming to Godot in the form of Cog Invasion Online.

README.md, after:

## Autumn Rivers
Hello! My name is Autumn Rivers, and I am a hobbyist programmer. Though I do wish to get into professional programming, I unfortunately don't see that happening soon.
But nevermind that, let's learn more about me!

I'm the founder (and sole member, so far) of [Diamond Grid](https://github.com/diamondgrid), and I prefer making my projects open-source when I can. So I use GitHub quite a bit.

My pronouns are She/Her, They/Them, and any neopronouns.

I also go by Nati!

## Current Projects
- ⚡ **Spark**: Real-time jukebox so you can listen to music with other people. 100% free and open-source!
- 🪙 **Heirloom**: GUI for Legendary, built upon Electron
- ⚙ **Virtual VP** (Working Title): VR reimagining of the Sellbot VP fight from Toontown Online. Stay tuned!
- 🎶 **Synthestesia**: RPG-based puzzle game centered around themes of neurodivergency

## Contact
- 🐦 [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/NatiRivers)
- 💬 Discord: Ohana#5434
- 📧 [Business E-mail](mailto:natirivers@protonmail.ch)

<!--
**AutumnRivers/AutumnRivers** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
